Nastase Maria, 321CA

The client can interact with the server by using the following commands: login,
register, enter_library, get_books, get_book, add_book, logout, exit.

Register Command:
    The client is asked to come up with a username and password for the new
    account. If a user is already logged in, he will have to log out in order
    to perform the register command. Otherwise, a POST message will be
    generated with a payload/body in JSON format containing the username and
    password. Then, the response from the server will be received. If the
    message contains the string "error", it means that the username was already
    registered in the database. If there was no error, then the user was
    registered successfully.

Login Coomand:
    The Login Command is similar to the Register Command. A username and
    password should be provided. The POST message is sent to the server and the
    response is processed. If there was an error, it means the credentials are
    wrong and if not, the user was successfully logged in. Also, a session
    cookie will be sent back from the server, that will be kept in a variable
    in order to be used for the rest of the commands.

Enter Library Command:
    If a user is logged in, he can request access to the Server Library. A GET
    request will be generated by using the session cookie,  and the response
    from the Server will be processed. If there wasn't an error, then a JWT
    token was received. It will be kept for further use for the Commands that
    require access to the Library.

Get Books Command:
    If a user is logged in and has access to the library, then a GET request
    will be generated. If the response doesn't contain any error, then the
    response will be processed and the library will be displayed in JSON Array
    format.

Get Book Command:
    If a user is logged in and has access to the library, then a GET request
    will be generated and sent to the acccess path containing the requested
    book ID. If the response doesn't contain any error, then the book's
    informations will be displayed on the screen in JSON format.

Add Book Command:
    The client will be asked to provide the information for the book to be
    added, such as the title, the author, the genre, the publisher and the page
    count. If a user is logged in and has access to the library, then a POST
    request can be generated by using the book data in JSON format as the body
    data, the JWT token and the session cookie. If there was no error, then the
    book was successfully added to the library.

Delete Book Command:
    If a user is logged in and has access to the library, then a DELETE request
    will be sent to the access path containing the requested book ID. If the
    response doesn't contain any error, then the book was successfully deleted
    from the library. 

Logout Command:
    If a user is already logged in, a GET request will be sent to the server
    and the response will be processed. If the response doesn't contain an
    error, then the user was successfully logged out.

Exit Command:
    The Program will be closed.

Parson:
    I used the Parson library in order to format the payload to JSON and
    serialize server responses and convert them to strings in JSON pretty
    format.